dimmy_scarface - Arara = false
dimmy_scarface - Racao = false
dimmy_scarface - Grande = 0
X1_BOM - Arara = false
X1_BOM - Racao = false
X1_BOM - Grande = 0
jadson_scarface - Arara = false
jadson_scarface - Racao = false
jadson_scarface - Grande = 0
dimmy_XxX - Arara=0
dimmy_XxX - Racao=0
dimmy_XxX - Grande=0
Jameson_Douglas - Arara=0
Jameson_Douglas - Racao=0
Jameson_Douglas - Grande=0
ForT_xD - Arara=0
ForT_xD - Racao=0
ForT_xD - Grande=0
Jean_Carllos - Arara = false
Jean_Carllos - Racao = false
Jean_Carllos - Grande = 0
dimmy_scarface - Arara = false
dimmy_scarface - Racao = false
dimmy_scarface - Grande = 0
dimmy_scarfaceee - Arara = false
dimmy_scarfaceee - Racao = false
dimmy_scarfaceee - Grande = 0
dimmy_scarface_cn - Arara = false
dimmy_scarface_cn - Racao = false
dimmy_scarface_cn - Grande = 0
dimmy_scarfaceo - Arara = false
dimmy_scarfaceo - Racao = false
dimmy_scarfaceo - Grande = 0
dimmyscarface - Arara = false
dimmyscarface - Racao = false
dimmyscarface - Grande = 0
dimmy_scarface_ - Arara = false
dimmy_scarface_ - Racao = false
dimmy_scarface_ - Grande = 0
dimmy_scarfacek - Arara = false
dimmy_scarfacek - Racao = false
dimmy_scarfacek - Grande = 0
dimmy_scarfacekm - Arara = false
dimmy_scarfacekm - Racao = false
dimmy_scarfacekm - Grande = 0
dimmy_scarfaci - Arara = false
dimmy_scarfaci - Racao = false
dimmy_scarfaci - Grande = 0
Lince_Rossee - Arara = false
Lince_Rossee - Racao = false
Lince_Rossee - Grande = 0
Liince_Rosse - Arara = false
Liince_Rosse - Racao = false
Liince_Rosse - Grande = 0
BlacK_CuLLen - Arara = false
BlacK_CuLLen - Racao = false
BlacK_CuLLen - Grande = 0
luisalfonso - Arara = false
luisalfonso - Racao = false
luisalfonso - Grande = 0
victor_gatao - Arara = false
victor_gatao - Racao = false
victor_gatao - Grande = 0
Sun_xD - Arara = false
Sun_xD - Racao = false
Sun_xD - Grande = 0
